---
layout: post
title: "Writing"
subtitle: ""
date: 2016-07-18 06:00:00
author: "Jerrick Davis"
header-img: "img/blog-bg.jpg"
comments: false
tags: [ Life ]
---

As long as I can remember I’ve loved reading but up until high school, I hated writing. One teacher named Mr.Johnson changed that and I’ve been scribbling thoughts, poems and short essays in countless, black 8”x5”, notebooks. Recently many of my friends have encouraged me to release more of these raw thoughts and emotion into the world so I’ll be posting them here semi-frequently. Below is the first group which was typed in the style they were written additions or comments are inside parentheses.

~~~

COCAINE NIGHTS

Here I am in the place that I grew.

No matter what I can’t seem to forget you.

I remember that day so vain.

As we dipped into your stash of cocaine.

The bruises on your neck.

The scratches on my back.

All our friends knew,

But we pretended not to.

Now where are we?

I can’t seem to leave it be.

Waking to the sunshine in your bed.

Images forever lingering in my head.

~~~

MANIC DREAMS

I look at my clock and observe the passing of time.

It’s 2am yet I feel so sublime.

I rush up the stairs like a typhoon.

All just to see the moon.

What is this state of being, I can’t quite explain.

An energetic euphoria drenched in physical pain.

~~~

Words aren’t real, we just use them to describe things that are.

Love, the Universe, the Sky.

These things are real but the words we use to describe them could never do them justice.

They must be felt not described.

~~~

She doesn’t realize how deeply she makes me feel.  She’s oblivious to the shifts she causes in my Universe. I only wish she could see it as well.

~~~

In this moment I am fine.

I AM HAPPY

SHE IS BEAUTIFUL

SHE IS RADIANT

The world is whole.

~~~

The Park 

(this was written from hippy hill in Golden Gate Park while in the company of some beautifully souled hippies)

Every part of the park is as if it was designed precisely for the psychedelic experience.

The way the paths seem to wander with the breeze. The way the orange and red flowers contrast the earthy greens of the foliage in perfect harmony.

Even the people on the hill seem to have embodied perfection of the set/setting concept.

The massive peace symbol seems to softly whisper that here, you are safe.

~~~
