---
layout: post
title: "IN: The Manic Album"
subtitle: "A Track By Track Explanation"
date: 2016-10-15 03:00:00
author: "Jerrick Davis"
header-img: "in/background2.jpg"
comments: false
tags: [ Music ]
---
I woke up this morning, after a night of celebration, to a slew of messages from friends who had heard IN and wanted to know more.  Their questions ranged from what inspired the track to who it was about. I’ve decided to do something I’ve never done before and give all my fans full insight into all my tracks. So without further ado, let’s dig in.

#### 1. Intro

This was the second track that got produced for this album.  I was in my yard one night recording the random sounds in hopes of catching something usable for song ideas and got a recording of myself pacing around while smoking a cigarette and upon reviewing the recording decided it would sound really great with a short up-beat alternative rock track. I sat down and threw together some quick ideas which in a matter of 30 minutes or so became the intro you hear now.

#### 2. Benzedrine

There are two things that need to be known about myself to fully understand all aspects of where this album came from, firstly is my love of the beat generation of poets and novelists. Jack Kerouac and Allen Ginsburg both hold a very special place in my personal library and in my heart. The second thing to understand is that I am a diagnosed manic depressive and that shows through on IN.  Benzedrine was one of the last tracks added to the album.  I was up late one night unable to sleep and in the middle of a manic episode and decided to read Kerouac’s On The Road.  While reading Fall Out Boy’s song “20 Dollar Nose Bleed” came on my headphones. This track is significant for two reasons, firstly Pete Wentz (who is also bipolar) captured the energy and insanity of an upbeat manic episode in a way that is unrivaled by any other artist. Secondly both the book and the song contain references to the drug Benzedrine. Benzedrine which is an amphetamine was used recreationally by Kerouac and amphetamines can cause mania in many bipolar patients including myself.  I set out to create a song that mixed the spun out amphetamine feel of the last wind of a manic episode.

#### 3. Falling out of Love

This track is the oldest of all the tracks on IN, it’s also the saddest.  Last September I moved from Utah where I was raised to San Francisco. Upon my arival I met a beautiful & talented woman and immediately fell in love.  By January I was on a plane to retreat to Utah from a city that I thought I loved that had left me beaten and broken and a failing relationship.  While standing in line for the TSA check point I remember thinking to myself that this sad depressed and broken feeling must be what it’s like to start falling out of love. I sat down on the plane and over the next hour and a half that I was in the air I threw together a demo that sounded like how I felt at the time.  This demo got forgotten for quite some time till July when I stumbled upon it, decided to finish it and put it on IN.

#### 4. IN

This one started as the piano melody that can be heard throughout the track, it sounded sweet and nice and I really just wanted to break that by mixing in dark, grungy dubstep sounds. This song is really just a manifestation of my belief that everything beautiful ends up being destroyed at some point.

#### 5. Interlude

This one was really just me messing around with some sounds I liked.

#### 6. Cigarette Day Dreams

Day Dreams are in my opinion one of the most amazing and fascinating capabilities of the human mind, and I do it a lot.  I couldn’t even get through writing this paragraph without getting lost inside my own mind.  Often while smoking I day dream about my own future and what it will be like.  This track serves as a homage to day dreams, no matter how calm, hectic or dark they may be.

#### 7. Memories of Yesterday

While Falling out of Love is a sad reflection on the state of affairs at the end of a relationship, Memories of Yesterday is the nostalgia and longing for those old times and a view of the same events from down the line. Memories of Yesterday and Falling out of Love are the yin and yang of this album and in being so perfectly sum up the constant back and forth of my own mind. Down the line I missed The City, missed the adventures and missed the girl.  This song has a mix of psychedelic sounds layered into it to pay homage to the lifestyle I lived while there and to the many many things that the people and culture of San Francisco taught me that I hold tightly to as some of the greatest lessons of my life. 

#### 8. THEWARINSIDEMYMIND

This song closer resembles traditional dubstep than any other track on the album. THEWARINSIDEMYMIND is heavy, dark and angry and that’s exactly how I felt while producing this track. I was angry at myself and angry at the world.  This spring after a failed suicide attempt I was hospitalized and received diagnosis of bipolar disorder. I left the hospital in a Seroquel fueled daze that left me incapable of most of my usual activities. 
I felt like a shell of my former self and after stopping medication I was angry that I had wasted so much time on something that seemed so unsubstantial which in turn started a never ending war inside my own mind.
